Mister Yota Narukami. Follow me.
Huh? Okay.
[SHIBA] Your credentials
are falsified, right?
You're not a researcher
from a foreign institution.
No, I'm not.
Can I‐‐
I'm going to ask you to
leave the premises immediately.
Please, wait!
[SHIBA] You must understand
that I'm doing you a kindness
by not calling the police.
Will I be able to
see Hina again?
She's leaving the country.
We're moving to
a facility overseas.
[YOTA gasps]
It's an even better
environment than here.
I'm sorry, but the honest
answer to your question
would be "no."
Just one day.
Let me have this one day
with Hina, please. Please!
Get a hold of yourself.
[YOTA] I'm begging.
Not even the whole day.
A few hours is enough!
[sighs] Okay.
[gasps] Thank you so much!
[YOTA]
Hey, Hina.
It looks like we won't be
seeing each other anymore.
I thought we had
a little longer,
but this'll be our last day.
[YOTA] It felt like we
were reconnecting,
but maybe it was just the game.
[YOTA] So, you're not gonna
be sad when I'm gone, right?
Yeah, I know. [chuckles]
[STAFF 11B]
Okay, Hina, can you tell me
how much you've got here?
[YOTA] This is the last chance
I'll get to watch this.
Please answer just once.
Help me believe being here
is really helping you.
[YOTA]
Hina.
[YOTA] I want to bring
you home, but first,
I have to know that's
what you want, too.
So please, just nod yes.
Hey, Hina.
You wanna leave here?
We can live together again.
[SHIBA]
Mm?
[YOTA] Just like before, the
same way we did last summer.
All our friends and family
will be there with us.
Do you remember that?
But how could you, right?
[YOTA] It was such a
great time for all of us,
but if this is really
what's best for you, then...
[HINA]
Sora. Sora.
[gasps] That's right!
You know her. Her name's Sora!
And you know this guy, too!
You know her name?
This one means the opposite.
Yohi.
You're close! His name is big!
[HINA]
Dai‐hi.
Yeah, Daichi!
Now, who is she?
Her name means time. Remember?
It starts with a "Toe," right?
And then there's a‐‐
[HINA]
Tokiko.
Yeah, exactly!
And then we've got,
uh... Wait. Where is it?
Now. Who's this guy?
[YOTA]
You know. What's up in the sky?
A big, burning star.
Please, stay with me!
[gasps]
Sorry! I didn't mean to‐‐[gasps]
Hina.
I...
Your time's up now.
Already? But we're so close.
I know that I've
almost reached her!
Please escort this man out.
Hina, please!
[YOTA]
No.
Hina! Please,
you have to come back!
We can't let you stay here, sir.
[YOTA] No, I'm not leaving here
unless Hina comes with me‐‐
No way I can go home
when I was so close
to a breakthrough.
[groans]
You were warned.
[thud]
[YOTA]
Guys. I'm sorry.
I tried with everything I had.
But it's over.
This place is Hina's home now.
[YOTA]
Hina! I'll miss you. Take care!
That man's saying
bye‐bye to you, Hina.
It's polite to say
bye‐bye back to him.
Now let's go.
Have a good life. So long.
Not here. He not here!
What is it? Who's not‐‐
Yo‐ha!
[gasps]
[HINA]
Yoha! Why Yoha not here?
Did she say‐‐ That's it.
She didn't need my card.
She had me!
Why Yoha going away now?
[SHIBA gasps]
Hina, that's not safe!
Wait, Hina!
[HINA]
No!
Hina...
[SHIBA gasps]
Don't go.
Oh. Hina.
Hina love...
Hina love Yoha.
Stay!
[gasps]
I, too, love thee most dearly.
[YOTA]
Hina...
That's still her.
Those were her real feelings.
She still cares about me
like I care for her.
Hina never forgot me at all.
She wanted to tell me.
I just couldn't understand!
Hina!
[gasps]
[YOTA]
I'm here.
[HINA]
Yoha. Yoha.
Hina don't want Yoha leave!
I won't leave you behind!
Hina love Yoha!
I love you, Hina!
Leave them be.
Are you sure?
It's Hina's choice.
And right now she's telling us
what will make her happy.
Let's go home, okay?
Everyone's waiting.
Hey, everyone!
I rescued our princess,
and we're finally home!
[TOKIKO gasps]
Oh, Hina! Welcome home!
[SORA]
Hina!
[DAICHI]
Welcome back, son.
Um. Things won't be like before.
We knew as soon as you left.
There's no need
to explain anything.
Bro, you like,
totally clutched it!
You're so cool!
[YOTA]
In that moment,
I felt so grateful
for my family.
[YOTA]
And also, for all the friends
who'd been waiting for us.
We're glad you're back.
It's good to
have you home, Hina!
Hey, you got a haircut!
And it's frustratingly adorable.
Do you still have her outfit?
Uh... She'd look more like
herself if she had that.
And more like the main
character in our movie, duh!
We definitely need
to get it back.
I agree.
What? That wasn't mean
or shouty or anything!
[KAKO]
Why would it be?
You think that's my
only character trait, huh?
[YOTA] Hina's changed
so much from back then,
but everybody's still
ready to pick up
right where we
left off last summer.
In any case,
her habit was nothing
one of my people
couldn't easily recreate.
Friends in high places!
That would be wonderful.
And of course there's
always plenty of
footage of it for reference.
Bet you'd like your
outfit back, huh, Hina?
[ASHURA gasps]
You wanna play?
[HINA babbles]
All right, then, let's play!
[YOTA]
Okay, Hina.
So the goal is to throw
the ball through the hoop.
You can shoot it underhand.
Just toss it as hard as you can!
[YOTA] That's right.
The day I met Hina.
This was the very
first thing we did.
Does that mean...
Everything we did
together last summer.
Was that the normal
life she hoped for?
Were we just doing
all the things
she wished she
could do every day?
Playing basketball.
Eating ramen.
Getting to share her
life with her family.
Just goofing off.
And on top of everything,
getting to be the
heroine in a movie.
I see now.
In that summer, Hina got to do
everything she had ever wanted.
[YOTA] I was going to try and
make myself forget about it.
I'm an idiot. I'm so dumb!
[SORA]
Bro! Are you okay?
I am. Everything's fine.
I know you can
do this, Hina. Go on.
That's okay. You just
have to keep trying.
Watch, you can make it for sure!
[ASHURA]
Yeah, Hina! Nice shot, girl!
‐‐Oh heck yes!
‐‐Good job, you did it Hina!
[ASHURA] You're gettin' it!
Wanna try and go for two?
[HINA babbles]
[KYOKO]
Hold still for a second.
All right. Now to
make sure it fits you!
Easy.
Okay. Now add the finishing
touch, and... There.
Great. Now you're all ready!
Wow. Other than the pixie cut,
it's like we literally
never even missed a day!
And that means we're
ready to start filming again!
[giggles]
[YOTA] To start off,
let's get the scene where
Ann walks straight
through the temple, okay?
Ready... and action!
You ready?
Now walk over to me, Hina.
Do you remember?
Huh?
Well, this is a movie
we're making,
and you play the lead.
And I'm your childhood friend.
We play the main characters.
It's our story, and it's
finally almost done!
[HINA]
Huh...?
For the ending, you just
need to walk over to me.
So stand tall and move forward.
Go, Hina!
[HIKARI]
We know you can do it!
[SORA]
Take as long as you need!
Everyone believes in you!
Easy. Go slow.
As slow as you need to.
[YOTA]
That's great!
You're doing so good, Hina!
[YOTA gasps]
Easy now!
[SORA]
Cut! That's our take!
I would be lying if I
told you I could top that.
But who could?
Great job, Hina,
that was perfect!
[HINA giggles]
[YOTA gasps]
This whole thing
has been like a movie.
From the day we met
right up until now.
[YOTA]
A total rando like me
meets a girl who
claims to be a god.
She helps him solve
his friends' problems.
They share a perfect summer.
And then they found love.
Then trouble comes to them,
but they push through it.
They win, and they're
together in the end.
That's just like us.
We're here now because
we chose to keep fighting.
To win the lives we wanted.
I didn't imagine
all of that, did I?
[gasps]
I know what to do now.
I'm gonna go to college
the right way.
I'm gonna make
a real plan so I can
become a brilliant researcher
like your grandfather was.
I want to learn everything
about your illness,
and then I can use
my skills to help you.
If no one else
has figured it out,
I'll have to be the first.
If mankind isn't there yet,
I'll be the one to get us there.
Because if I can,
then you and I will always
be able to be together, Hina.
That sound good?
Hina love Yoha very very much.
[YOTA gasps] When you say that,
it makes me feel like
I could take on the whole world!
I'm doin' this!
[HINA]
Waa!
[YOTA]
Up until we met last summer,
I'd just been going through
the motions with no real goal.
But now I have a purpose,
and I'm ready to chase it
with everything I've got.
This is something
I've never felt before,
but you showed me
how to find it.
You taught me what my
life was supposed to be.
You've blessed me
since the day we met.
Maybe you really are a god.
[SORA]
And cut! That's a wrap, y'all!
Thank you so much
for doing this!
[ALL cheer]
And we couldn't have done it
all without you, Hina!
I'm so hype for the
first screening now!
But we've still got a ton of
work to do before it's ready.
You can do the score, right?
Sure. Gladly.
Lighting's done,
good work. You can go.
Can I at least stay as long
as everyone else, please?
[ALL laugh]
[YOTA] Winter break passed,
but the cold held on into March.
[gasps] You're
taking a year off?
It's really not that big a deal.
You don't get to
get into Hachiman
and then just not go, okay?
I'd been trying to get in there
for the wrong reasons.
But I have a real
plan this time.
But Bro, it's Hachiman!
If you're not gonna go
then trade me your name
and I'll go in your place!
I can even get plastic
surgery if I have to!
That wouldn't work.
[SORA] Cool. So, thanks for
coming to the advance screening.
All right, you got this, Sora!
Hear that?
We've finally finished
our movie, Hina.
Huh?
You were so excited
when you got the lead,
and you played your part
all the way to the end.
Now we can watch it together.
'Kay. Lights down!
[YOTA] The planet was
gripped by crisis,
plagued by a massive,
inexplicable natural disaster.
This event came to be
known as "the world's ruin."
Have you still not been
able to ascertain
the cause of the world's ruin?
[KYOKO] The mages are
currently endeavoring
to investigate, Your Majesty.
But we still need more time!
[KAKO]
My king.
Look upon the System
sustaining our world.
Alas, the power from which it
draws wanes as we speak.
Its circuits shall fail
one after the next,
and so shall our world end.
[DAICHI] And this is the
cause of the disasters?
[KAKO]
Indeed.
But with the aid of the
kingdom's spirit summoners,
this cruel fate
may yet be averted.
[DAICHI]
So be it.
[singing]
[KAKO] The spirits.
Why do they flock to her so?
[YOTA]
Hm?
Ann, what's wrong?
Why are you barefoot?
[HINA]
Romi.
In truth, I've been summoned
to the royal capital.
I learned from
the Elder yesterday.
[YOTA]
Why, though?
[HINA] I don't know, but they
tell me I'm the only one
who can save our world.
[YOTA] Why right now?
When will you be back?
[KAKO]
Forgive me, young man.
But she shan't lay eyes
on this place again.
You mean she's
going away forever?
But why? Why would it be Ann?
You can't simply decide
she should be the one to go!
She's just a normal little girl!
So she is, but through
the unseen power within her,
mankind may yet find salvation.
[YOTA]
You can't!
[KAKO] Upon the morrow,
we shall depart.
[YOTA] When I get
the chance, I'll grab Ann.
Then we'll run and
start our own journey.
And if the world ends,
it's not on us to save it.
[YOTA]
They're starting the ritual.
The ceremony that
will save humanity.
All of us but Ann.
The world will go on
at the cost of her life.
[YOTA]
And still...
She walks forward toward
the sacrificial altar.
[YOTA]
Ann may not have any talents.
But I love her
with all my heart!
And now, I will save her
from this ritual!
[ALL gasp]
Halt, you fool!
Ann!
Stop him!
You can't!
[YOTA]
Ann!
No. The ritual! The System.
Its failure is upon us now!
Hey. We're gonna be okay.
Let's go.
The world is collapsing
around us all!
So, um... Was that good?
[ALL cheer]
Was it? Sora, you amaze me!
And Hina, you were perfect!
Yeah, casting you was
really the way to go.
Fantastic directing, as well.
OMG.
Man, this'll be such a
great memory for us all!
[gasps]
[HINA]
A good question.
I have no fond memories,
and perhaps those are
something that people
need to live a happy life.
Yeah. Yeah, it will.
We've made so many now.
Isn't that right, Hina?
Sweet dreams, then.
[SORA]
Awesome, we're rolling.
[HINA]
Aye.
[YOTA gasps]
What's this?
[SORA] The making of.
I added it on after the movie.
'Cause Hina asked me to.
So, when you were becoming
a god, like, what was it like?
In words alone?
Our world was born
anew in my sight.
Each day shone
like a brilliant star.
And so, too, do the
memories of that age shine.
Treasures worth more than
all the world's riches.
And should the world I've
seen come to its end,
even still shall these
memories persist.
I shall cherish them
unto eternity!
So you were holding
onto us all that time.
Through everything.
Hina. I'm so glad.
[YOTA] I can't guess
what the future holds.
Let alone know.
[YOTA] The world might be cruel,
even beyond saving,
and the miracles we think
we see may just be illusions.
[YOTA]
But either way, I'm here.
[YOTA] And I'm going to live
with everything I've got.
With Hina.